	The implementation was done in C#, using Visual Studio 2019. A solution file has been provided together with the other files of the application. To launch 
the application, just load the solution file in Visual Studio and press CTRL+F5. The application is launched on the port 8888 and it contains as well a simple web page that can be used for testing the API (just specify the payload in the left text area and press the Send button). Another way to test the API is by using applications like Postman, that connect to the API's URL (http://<serverName>:8888/productionplan) and specify the input payload.
	The logic behind is based on the idea of prioritizing the powerplants generating electrical energy with a cost as low as possible. In case some of the 
powerplants produce energy with the same cost per unit, the ones that can generate more electricity are favoured. In the implementation, I considered that the powerplants ordered according to the merit criteria should generate as much energy as possible (minimize the costs while maximizing the generated electricity). So I went on the ideal case when they can generate the maximum power. As this is not always a good practical solution, I've also considered the existence of a kind of switch (under the form of a configuration setting called "factor"), allowing the powerplant to limit the amount of maximum electricity that can be efectively generated (the lowest possible value corresponding to the calculated minimum value). More details about how the algorithm works are provided in the code.